# IntroductionSecurity Center software was developed by the scientific and technical company C.Nord for operation in the complex system of notification transmission "Andromeda". Security Center software is intended for operating systems Microsoft Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8. It is recommended to run Security Center software on operating system Microsoft Windows Server 2003 / 2008 / 2012.It is necessary to note the following features of Security Center software:* Security Center software consists of independent functional parts (modules), each of which is intended to solve a specific problem. On the one hand, it allows to maximally protect each module against a possible failure of the other, and on the other hand, it allows to install each module on a separate computer in the network.* Security Center software is oriented for operation on a network that supports TCP/IP protocol. Thus, the changes made to the system on any computer on the network are immediately applied to all the software modules running on that network.*Operator's rights in Security Center software are defined in relation to a specific action in a specific software module. Thus, operators’ access levels are implemented both to the program as a whole, and to its individual components. For example, it is possible to restrict operator’s access to both the entire "Site manager" module, and only to the editing function of the site arm schedule.Receiving equipment of the central station allows receiving and handling events from control panels (concentrators, site units) with built-in communicators (digital message transmission units - specialized modems). Depending on the type of control panel, its functional and service capabilities, it is possible to obtain from it some information about the site state. Most of control panels can transmit a wide range of information. For example, data about the user who performed arming or disarming; place (zone number) of alarm or malfunction (break, short circuit); partial arming with indication of unguarded zones and much more. Due to this, the duty operator has the most complete information on the site status (armed, disarmed, alarmed, etc.) and the equipment technical condition (battery is low, no 220V, telephone line is faulty, etc.).## Hardware Requirements for SystemMinimum configuration: Processor Intel Core i3 2.6 GHz, RAM 2Gb, 17\” SVGA monitor, sound card, USB port to install electronic security key.Recommended configuration: Processor Intel Core i5 3.0 GHz, RAM 4Gb, 19\"SVGA monitor, sound card and network card to operate software on the network, USB port to install electronic security key.## Operating System RequirementsThe following operating systems are supported:* Microsoft Windows XP* Microsoft Windows Vista* Microsoft Windows 7* Microsoft Windows 8* Microsoft Windows Server 2003* Microsoft Windows Server 2008* Microsoft Windows Server 2012Security Center software, version 5 is intended for operation on both 32-bit and 64-bit versions of the listed operating systems.Before installing Security Center, it is recommended to check that the latest update package offered by Microsoft is installed on the operating system.## Electronic Security KeySecurity Center software is protected from illegal copying by the electronic security key. Before using Security Center, it is necessary to connect the electronic key to USB port of the computer and install its driver.## Scope of DeliverySecurity Center software is delivered in the following package:*Compact disc containing the following:	* Distribution package of complete version of Security Center intended for its installation on a new computer where the software was not previously installed.	* Distribution update package of Security Center intended for updating the already installed Security Center software (or "Andromeda 2.8") to Security Center version 5.	* Distribution package of drivers for the electronic security key.* Electronic security key to be inserted into the computer USB port.